all right you guys the MMB chief can you
the drift and Coldplay song called talks
and goes a little something like this
that's the first little part second part
goes like this I'm gonna get a better
angle so you guys can see actually
what's strange I'm pushing down and look
pretty oh hi guys today I'm gonna be
teaching you the drift and Coldplay song
called talks and goes a little something
like this that's the first little part
second part goes like this I'm gonna get
a better angle so you guys can see
actually what string I'm pushing down
the first day so this first part starts
out on the 11th fret of the B string
then it goes to the 15th fret of the
high E string down to the 13th fret of
the high E string and then it goes over
to the 15th fret of the B string then
the 13th fret of the B string then the
11th fret of the B string then it goes
back up the 13th on the B and back up
the 15th on the B and then it goes to
the 12th fret on the g string now the
second part of this starts out on the
15th fret of the B string and then it
goes back to the 12th fret of the g
string then you go back to the 15th on
the beach and you pluck that note four
times and then it goes to the 13th fret
on the B string and then after that it
goes up to the 10th fret on the B string
and over the 10th fret of the g string
so once again the first part goes like
this
and the second floor it goes like this
yeah you guys I hope you learned
something from this and I hope that
helps you out a little bit if you have
any questions or comments feel free to
leave them for me and I will reply back
to you thanks for watching and see you
next time